Scripts for tuning errors:

A. Get a past set of ODS file results from which to compute O-F statistics.
These should be separately for both real and osse results

(1) Use copy_ods.j to copy these to a new directory on nobackup that will
    contain all ods files for a given month and experiment.

B. Run programs to compute obs counts, O-F means and standard deviations, as
well as horizontal, vertical, and channel correlations

(3) Execute countobs_rad.j to compute time-mean counts and O-f means and 
    standard deviations for radiances

(4) Execute countobs_conv.j to compute time-mean counts and O-f means and 
    standard deviations for conventional obs.  Note that this groups obs into
    pressure bins of widths about 100 mb, unlike for hcorr_conv.j for which
    the presuure bin widths are typically 4-10 mb. 

(5) Execute hcorr_rad.j to create tables of means, standard deviations, and
    horizontal correlations of O-F for all rad obs types for a given region. 
    These statistics are expensive to compute globally for hyper-spectral
    instruments and so for them using Western hemisphere only seems 
    sufficient. 

(6) Execute hcorr_conv.j to create tables of means, standard deviations, and
    horizontal correlations of O-F for selected conv data types (specified by
    set of kx values) for a given region. 

(7) Execute chcorr_conv.j to create tables of means, standard deviations, and
    inter-channel correlations of O-F for selected rad data types for a given
    region.

(8) Execute vcorr_gps.j to compute vertical correlations of GPSRO or sonde obs.


C. Compute tables of fits of missing obs error and correlation functions.

(9) Execute eparams_conv_hcorr.j to compare real and osse results from 
    step (6) (or (4) if correlations not to be considered) and fits of 
    functional shapes to differences of the the covariances.   

(10) Execute eparams_rad_hcorr.j to compare real and osse results from 
     step (5) (or (3) if correlations not to be considered) and fits of 
     functional shapes to differences of the the covariances.   

(11) Execute eparams_rad_chcorr.j to compare real and osse results from 
     step (7) (or (3) if correlations not to be considered) and fits of 
     functional shapes to differences of the the covariances.  

D. Create new tables for adding errors to simulated obs
 
(12) Execte new_R_table_rad.j using results from (10) and (11)

(13) Execte new_R_table_conv.j using results from (9) 

E. Create new input error parameter files for any desired correlations.

(14) Execute corr_params_input.j to make files of parameters that define
correlations of obs errors to add. The code is directed by files named
hc_SETUP*txt. that need to be provided. Also, before executing this 
program, examine the outputs from step C and make any desired changes

(15) Complete the error.rc file for this version of the error pointing to the
desired error stdv and correlation parameter files. Obtain values for vertical
correlations of conventional sounding and GPSRO obs by examining output from
step 8.


 
